#### Call code in an external package

You can look for a package that has functions you can use in your code.

Visit [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev) and search for a "quote" package.

Locate and click the **[rsc.io/quote](https://pkg.go.dev/rsc.io/quote/v4)** package in search results.

In the Documentation section, under Index, note the list of functions you can call from your code. You'll use the **Go function.**

At the top of this page, note that package quote is included in the **[rsc.io/quote](https://pkg.go.dev/rsc.io/quote/v4)** module.

You can use the [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev) site to find published modules whose packages have functions you can use in your own code. Packages are published in modules -- like rsc.io/quote -- where others can use them. Modules are improved with new versions over time, and you can upgrade your code to use the improved versions.

### Code

Create a file called `quote.go`.

In your Go code, import the `rsc.io/quote` package and add a call to its Go function.
After adding the highlighted lines, your code should include the following:

```
package main

import "fmt"
import "rsc.io/quote"

func main() {
    fmt.Println(quote.Go())
}
```

Add new module requirements and sums.
Go will add the quote module as a requirement, as well as a `go.sum` file for use in authenticating the module. 

```
go mod init example/quote
go mod tidy
go: finding module for package rsc.io/quote
go: found rsc.io/quote in rsc.io/quote v1.5.2
```

Run your code to see the message generated by the function you're calling.
```
go run .
Don't communicate by sharing memory, share memory by communicating.
```

Notice that your code calls the Go function, printing a clever message about communication.

Next steps: [Create a Go Module](../../02-modules/)